2020.10.18

General
• Set as default numPracticeRounds: 5
> DONE.

• Set as default payPracticeRound: no
> DONE.

* Fix: when a treatment is chosen (T1-T6), the settings apply.
> DONE.

T1 (Baseline)
• When this treatment is selected please set as default Chartmax:100
> DONE.

T2, T3, T4, T5 and T6 (Variation 1 , Variation 2, and Variation 3)
• When one of these treatments are selected please set as default Chartmax:200
> DONE.

• The “show instructions” button in the following screen can have the white
surrounding, but make sure that the width coincides with the text box above. In that
way it would look nicer.
> UNABLE TO REPRODUCE[1].

• In the groups part, every time a decision is made, every time a chat message is sent,
AND even every time a message is received the announcement shown below appears.
We do not want that announcement to be shown unless subjects are about to start
playing round 1.
> DONE.

* In the first rounds, the cursor is at times stuck. One needs either to either wait or to
choose another tab in the explorer so that the cursor moves with the mouse and the
preferred allocation can be chosen. A manifestation of that problem is that -1 can be
chosen in the endogenous treatment.
> UNABLE TO REPRODUCE. Added extra check to prevent selection of value < 0.

When one chooses e1:0.7 and e2: 1.3, I get the following in the Participants screen in
the individual part. So it seems that only one allocation is working and not the two of
them.
> DONE.

• The phrase “please choose your preferred allocation and division” on the top panel
needs to be readable, this phrase cannot be read in its totality, please adjust letter size
and do not sacrifice the allocation interface space to do this. .
> DONE (but unable to reproduce).

• In the token division panel, the numbers 48% and 15%, corresponding to the choice of
division in the example below, must be shown next to the phrases “My share of the
eventually agreed X” and “My share of the eventually agreed Y”, respectively and not
below them.
> UNABLE TO REPRODUCE.

• In the token division panel, the blue numbers, 59 and 78 in the examples below, are to
close to the next line. Please make sure that there is a space between these two
elements.
> UNABLE TO REPRODUCE.

[1] I am using Google Chrome on MacOS, with a screen resolution of at least 1200 x 1000. All of these characteristics are potential causes of UI bugs. It is important to test on a setup as similar as possible to the one you will be running the experiment on (I assume this is Google Chrome / Windows / large screen (at least 1200 x 1000)). If this is not correct (or you want to support multiple setups),you need to specify which systems you want to support so that we can test them.
